you
we sort of said from the beginning of
sunset overdrive what would happen if
societal norms are stripped away would
we become creative like burning man or
would we become something oppressive
like Lord of the Flies for Marcus and I
were first working on our hit for sunset
overdrive one of the things we focused
on a lot was these different fashion
trends and just people dressing in odd
ways we had a huge huge collection of
all these different ideas of like mods
and rockers and there's all kinds of
crazy different fashion eras and we hand
this to Justin and thank goodness she
paired them down to to something
reasonable and doable we started taking
all the fashion records they gave us and
separating the mountain to three
different buckets mainstream fashions
basically anything that a normal person
would wear street fashion is something
that comes out of street culture such as
email gone costumes are something that
someone from a particular culture group
might wear or it's something you might
even wear for halloween all the sunset
vanity takes from one or more of these
buckets which makes them both relatable
and understandable diversity was very
important to me because it is all about
Claire choice and being who you want to
be and I think it definitely makes our
game stand apart from other games I
think one of the interesting things
about sunset overdrive is that most of
our concept artists are actually not
from the United States I think this will
appeal to a lot of different people
my team takes concepts from Vasily our
concept artist over in Russia we wanted
to embrace a bunch of different
archetypes that you'd see in pop culture
and mash them together to create our own
look and sunset overdrive we allow you
to choose from many different archetypes
in the game that includes different
races different body types big and small
and different genders we have outfits
that are meant to be together and you
can get them as presets in the game you
can combine all the different pieces to
make exactly what you want so if you get
your day of the Dead face paint you can
combine that with your wrestling pants
your chainmail shirt and your cowboy
boots every item that you unlock in the
game will have Havok physics applied to
it as well so when you're running around
the world they really want you to feel
like it's alive clothes sort of provide
people's most obvious identity and can
even act as masks it was really
important to me and Marcus that vanity
stay as as just a purely vanity element
that we didn't attach RPG stats or any
other bonuses to it and it was something
that was a really big fight around the
studio Marcus I just had to stand firm
and say you know it's really important
to this game that players be able to
wear whatever they want to wear to
express themselves
I like the hairstyles especially the
creepy 80s metal band style I just like
the way it looks moving around when
you're doing our traversal in sunset
City I would say that my favorite of all
time is that we can be a luchador given
the right combination I mean any chance
to actually be a luchador running around
sunset City is pretty amazing one of my
favorite vanity items this is the bunny
ears it's so absurd and beard just feels
good run around with with tall bunny
ears I don't I don't know why I don't
wear them all the time for items I can't
really believe we got in we do have a
physics-based kangaroo head strapped to
your crotch and nothing else oh the
kangaroo got beats early on when we were
pitching the game drew hit used in a
reference that he would be wearing
nothing but a kangaroo compies we knew
we wanted it to be really different and
really stylized pretty out there and it
just seems so absurd but we started
pitching it that way and every pitch we
did we would talk about the kangaroo
codpiece and I think it was one of the
first things you can can look at or talk
about him be like now that is sunset
overdrive so after you've dressed up
your character and you've got them
looking the way you want we still got a
ton of customization with the weapons
the traps two amps a lot of different
things on the gameplay side
so thanks for coming to comic-con and
checking sunset overdrive out hope you
pick it up on October 28 and let your
freak flag fly high
Xbox one now starting at 399